# NodeSecure Working Group Meeting 2022-05-03

## Present

* Antoine COULON (@antoine-coulon)
* Thomas GENTILHOMME (@fraxken)
* Vincent DHENNIN (@Kawacrepe)

## Agenda

### New contributors

* thomas: We have many new contributors and developers interested in making a first contribution. It is therefore important to accompany and guide them. Everyone needs to be more careful to identify and highlight the topics that these new contributors can help us with. If needed we can also extend some contributions to our other projects like **TopCli** (taking the example of Maestro who contributes on clix).

* antoine: I agree with you. The more people we have and the more beginners they are, the more important it is for their onboarding to have trivial tasks for them to discover the codebase. Otherwise it's like recruiting a developer and taking him to hell in the first week. It is definitely our responsibility to find simple tasks that make new contributors want to invest more and more in the project.

* Vincent: Perhaps we should prioritize the creation of the landing page to introduce the project to new contributors (How we are, What is NodeSecure and what we do etc..)

* Thomas: Yes, that's why I'm also trying to improve Governance to have something more complete. 

> Moving the discussion on RFCS

### RFCS

* thomas: Explains that he created a project to exchange about new ideas for NodeSecure (like the landing page and vuln rebrand). I didn't want to impose too precise rules from the beginning and I prefer to have something quite free (maybe we'll come back to this later). The only thing necessary is to have at least one champion per subject.

* thomas: Presents the landing page subject proposed by @im-codebreaker. Until now it was not particularly a priority but it becomes more and more important for the project as time fly. This is a subject that can be very interesting for contributors with rather front-oriented skills.

* antoine: We will have to be careful that the final result is clean to avoid having a counterproductive effect. Otherwise it's really nice to have more contributors with UI/UX skills. Me for example on rebrand subjects you should not ask me to design a logo ðŸ˜†.

* thomas: Yes it's cool to have more people on UI/UX. I think having visuals has become a major topic for NodeSecure projects. It grabs attention and makes our projects much more believable in the eyes of developers (and maybe get more people to contribute as well).

* antoine: And on the branding subject, how are we going to decide based on the choices that will be exposed? Will there be rules or something?

* thomas: No specific process or rules for now. If we all agree on something and we think this is cool then let move on. In any case, we will also have to do with what we have in our hands and we won't have perfection everywhere.

* all: discussing on the importance of visuals, benchmarks, branding etc.

### Vuln

* thomas: we have subjects (issues) for new contributors. Proposed to @mbalash to contribute but he do not have free time for open source recently. Maybe some issues can be open for new contributors like dealing with the ratelimit for Sonatype.

* antoine: Yes that's right. I don't really think about it because it's a subject that blocks me for the benchmark. But yes i guess we could ask if someone want to do it and i can found a way on my side for the benchmark.

### WebUI 2

* thomas: I made an 11 page specification document to help getting around UI V2. I'v done a meeting with imcodebreaker so he could move forward on the mockups. I will try to quickly get back on it to prototype since i will have few days this month (and also add more elements to the doc).

* antoine: I had not seen the latest mockups but they are really clean.

* thomas: I guess at some point we need to schedule a meeting between all of us to deeply discuss this.

### Report

* thomas: I worked on the new release and opened a Draft PR. One of my goal is to update the project (using new NodeSecure packages like RC and latest scanner release) and being able to open a bench of new issues accessible for new contributors.

* vincent: Do not hesitate to ping me on the PR since that one of the project with which I discovered/entered the project, i have ideas.

### Authors

* thomas: Relaunch Vincent on the subject since he was not present at the last meeting for this.

* vincent: Yes we have two open issues (explaining what they are).

* thomas: One of the big topics will be to implement this package in the scanner (maybe before my talk at NodeTLV). It could be really nice in particular when the RC will be available in the CLI (that the PR you are currently working on too).

* vincent: When is your talk ?

* thomas: June 29, in two months.

* vincent: ðŸ˜¬ it's getting closer.

* thomas: It's like in Agile, you have to deliver at the end of the sprint ðŸ˜†. Then let's do the best we can and at worst it won't be available yet, that's okay.

* vincent: i will create an issue to keep this in mind.

### CI

* antoine: Recently i'm working a lot on vuln and i think next month it will be the same. Right now there is two ongoing subjects with one assigned to Tony and the other one to Mathieu Ka (giving a bit of context about those issues). Immediately I have no other topics in mind for CI.

* thomas: Yes i think tony is busy with clix right now but i guess he will be back on it soon. Let's focus on current subjects and if there is anything new in few weeks then let's see if anyone want to contribute on the project instead of you.

### Meetings structure

* thomas: I will move the meetings notes in the Governance repository. And we will need to discuss how we should organize and structure our meetings. Maybe being more transparent so people can easily join too (like imcodebreaker).

* vincent: Could we create an issue to discuss it ?

* thomas: Yes i'm going to create an issue in Governance so we can discuss it between us.
